IDENTIFIED
That's over 87.000 by 2 p.m. alone.
There are 87.000 chatrooms?
-So we doubled yesterday's numbers?
-TGIF. baby.
Seriously. my wife is amazing!
Absolutely amazing!
It's all about the platform.
AI creates thousands of rooms
and destroys them.
We used to only do 100 transactions a day.
But now. it's 100.000.
If you multiply that by 12.000 won.
that means 1.2 billion a day?
Okay.
-Are you done?
-Fuck. you scared me.
-What the hell?
-What do you think?
I'm a detective. Hands.
I'm busy too.
Son of a bitch.
-Give me your hands.
-Pig.
-I said hands. That's it.
-It hurts!
Don't carry dangerous things around.
Look at you.
Hold still. you little shit.
I wouldn't have hit you
if you had listened. you punk.
-That was cool!
-You're so cool!
-Welcome back. boss.
-Yes. boss.
Where's Jae-chun?
He's still in China.
The three of us are the only ones left.
So. while I was away.
I heard a punk named Ma Do-jun
took over Incheon.
It's not just Incheon.
He's stirring up the whole country.
He's raking in the country's money
with this new drug that has come out.
I should at least say hello to this punk.
Very politely.
Who?
Yong-gang of Incheon.
He said you'd know if I said that.
Yong-gang of Incheon?
He says he wants
to say hello to you politely.
Who's that?
This is Sector Two.
Ma Do-jun just left.
so go in and check the goods.
What?
He said what?
He said. "Who's that?"
Yong-gang of Incheon wants to see him.
and he said what?
He said. "Who's that?"
Mama!
"Who's that?"
Are you sure
this is where the drug ring operates?
Yes. I'm sure. sir.
This is their base.
And we're in Songdo now?
It's been redeveloped.
Boss.
Take this. just in case.
Hey. it's me. Yong-gang.
I'm Yong-gang.
I'm here to see Ma Do-jun.
I beg your pardon. sir?
I'm here to see Mr. Ma Do-jun. please.
-Your name. please?
-What?
Your name. sir.
It's Kim Yong-gang.
Mr. Kim Yeong-gwang?
No. it's Yong-gang. not Yeong-gwang.
Yong. like "Yonggary" the monster.
And Gang. like gangster.
Kim Yong-gang. right?
Yes.
You're all set.
Mr. Ma is in a meeting at the moment.
so please wait here.
All right.
I was curious about the guy
who took over Incheon while I was away.
Do you know who I am?
Mr. Kim Yeong-gwang. I'm told.
It's Yong-gang. not Yeong-gwang.
Kim Yong-gang.
It was a mistake.
Okay. Mr. Kim Yeong-gwang.
Again!
It's Yong-gang. right?
Incheon is my turf.
While I was in prison.
you were just holding down
the fort for me. That's all.
I'm not saying
I'll simply take over the gang.
If we combine my know-how and experience
with your business model.
forget Incheon.
We can take over the whole country.
So.
let's run the gang together.
Why. you little…
What's his deal?
What?
-Why you…
-Sir. no.
Are you laughing?
My gosh.
Look. mister.
Start afresh now that you're out of prison.
Don't do this. Seriously!
-Did you just hit me?
-And stop watching those old movies.
Get my next meeting ready.
Next meeting?
You can start fresh. Yeong-gwang!
-You--
-Let's go.
-It's not Yeong-gwang.
-It was an honor!
-Good luck!
-You called me Yeong-gwang again…
-You did that on purpose…
-Come on. Yong. without the U!
Sir.
Evidence secured.
-Arrest them all!
-Yes. sir!
Damn. fucking bastards.
Hey. block them!
Get them!
Don't move!
Damn it!
Lee. bring the cuffs.
Hold still.
-Hold his arms down.
-I'll be quick.
Got three more!
You junkie bastard!
Have you lost it. asshole?
You damn little…
You come here too.
Hey. are you okay?
Ma Do-jun.
Hold on a sec.
Hold on.
I've got one left just for you.
-Are you sure it's for me?
-Sure it is.
Then I'll use this.
You little shit.
You piece of shit.
-Come here.
-Fuck you!
Get him!
That damn lowlife.
-Drop it.
-Shoot me. Go ahead. Try it. Shoot.
Drop it. asshole. You're done for.
You moron.
Fuck.
Hold still!
You're done. you little shit.
This is Sector Two.
Sector One. come in. Over.
Sector One. copy. Over.
It's day two of the stakeout.
He's very edgy.
We can't afford any mistakes.
He's here.
Hold your position.
Moving in.
No. hold your position.
He's going back.
He's finally taken the bait!
Move in!
-Don't spook him. Here. it's okay.
-Easy. It's okay.
-Yes. this way.
-It's okay.
He appears to be all right. at least.
I'll give him a full checkup
at the clinic.
Thank you so much for today. Doctor.
No need to thank me.
It's a matter of saving a life.
Of course. we should all do what we can.
-Should we just leave?
-You go if you want. Mom.
I'm not going anywhere.
Come on. It's almost time
to go to your academy.
What's more important. the academy or Dad?
There's my daughter!
Dad!
Have nice day.
Hey. I'm sorry.
Sorry. I'm late. Yeon-ju.
-You're good?
-You do this every time.
I told you I have to meet a client.
You have 15 minutes left.
Come on. Don't be like that.
I haven't seen her in two weeks.
Make that 30.
Thirty minutes. okay?
My sweet Yeon-ju.
Let's do our hello. It's been ages.
-Justice…
-Always prevails!
-The bad guys…
-Always get caught!
-Reward…
-The good!
-Punish…
-The Evil!
-Yay!
-Yeah!
Talk about a tearful family reunion.
You two do have a great relationship.
Okay. I'm feeling generous.
I'll be back in an hour.
-Oh yeah!
-Yes!
Right. How's the dog doctor doing?
Oh. it's not "dog doctor."
Dog Doc. I mean. How's he doing?
Just don't use English
if you don't know it well.
It's not "Have nice day. "
It's "Have a nice day."
Okay.
Have a nice day.
She never changes. does she?
All righty!
Ta-da!
You said you wanted this. right? Here.
You can even make video calls. See?
Pineapple Watch? This is a knockoff.
My stepdad got me a real smartwatch.
I'll only use this to contact you. Dad.
Hey. Yeon-ju.
New isn't always better.
Take me. for example.
-Yeah. he got you the nice--
-Oh. right.
How did it go? Did you catch the bad guy?
Who am I? Of course. I did!
Respect.
Dad. show me.
What?
Your killer smile.
My killer smile?
You do it so well!
The police spent two years
on a massive crackdown
of this illegal synthetic drug network.
Acting on intel from undercover officers.
detectives raided the gang's factory.
The gang. known
to use the "dead drop" method
to distribute synthetic drugs
to young users. was brought down.
During the raid on the factory.
the police found
seven boxes of synthetic drugs
disguised as IT equipment.
an amount large enough for 10.000 users
with a street value of 1.2 billion won.
The packaging of the synthetic drug
also bore the mark of
a domestic drug organization.
The tense operation
also included a hostage situation.
As the suspect threatened
a factory worker with a knife.
officers fired a taser at the hostage
instead of the suspect.
despite the known danger.
This very risky move
by the police raises the question
of whether arresting a suspect
outweighs the safety of the hostage.
Arresting heinous criminals is crucial.
but should it come at the cost
of endangering people's lives?
-We must rethink what takes priority.
-Come on.
Jo A-ra. YTN News.
She sure knows how to put it nicely.
She's always like that.
Hence. the nickname. Headache.
-Ignore her.
-Here. sir.
-Wait a minute.
-Why?
The headache is right there.
Maybe I should say something.
No. don't do it.
Wait. why's she shaking
that canned coffee?
Me?
She must be here to see you.
-Good luck.
-What do you mean. "good luck"? Hey!
I saw your piece.
I knew you might feel
a bit hurt by it. Detective.
but you understand. right?
We're all pros here.
I admit the segment was a bit provocative.
but it was needed to make it engaging
and to uphold the public's right to know.
So consider it a small sacrifice.
-You did that on purpose.
-I was just doing my job.
Are you hurt? Let me see.
Do you still like me?
Don't do this.
I try to be nice.
and you take things the wrong way.
-Fine. I do like you. I like you.
-Don't.
-I used to like you a little. A while ago.
-I said stop. Stop it.
But now you're making me hate you.
Yeah. let's grab
a glass of food next time! Bye!
Is he asking me out for a meal or a drink?
Hwang Choong-sik! I'm a busy woman!
So. when?
EUNKWANG ELEMENTARY
ENGLISH SPEECH CONTEST
-Are you okay?
-I'm sorry. Oh. yes.
GRADE 2. CLASS 4
FAMILY OF HWANG YEON-JU
That prick.
Are Hwang Yeon-ju's parents here?
-Yes. right here.
-Yes.
It's me. I'm her dad.
I see. Please send Yeon-ju backstage
when she gets here.
Sure.
Hey.
My name is not "Hey." It's Lee Min-seok.
I don't care what your name is.
-Why are you in my seat?
-What do you mean. "your seat"?
I'm Yeon-ju's dad.
What are you talking about?
It says right here. "Family."
I know.
That's why I'm sitting here.
Hello. everyone.
My name is…
Yeon-ju. are you okay?
Yes. I don't care anymore.
HONEY
Hi. Min-seok. We're almost there.
Where are you now?
We're by the Eunhaeng Market.
and there's traffic.
But we need to stop by a pharmacy.
Yeon-ju has a cough.
I said I'm fine!
I already told you.
Come safely with Yeon-ju
after the pharmacy.
Okay. we'll be there soon.
GRADE 2
FAMILY OF HWANG YEON-JU
God. seriously.
"Okay. see you in a bit."
Speaking formally to each other. I see.
Can't you sit somewhere else?
There are plenty of seats.
You sit somewhere else.
But seriously. why are you here?
What do you mean. why am I here?
I'm here for my daughter.
I divorced my wife. not my daughter!
Sorry about that.
Sorry.
Even so. I'm the husband now.
Show me some respect.
Damn it. Did you say "respect"?
Weren't you born in the year of the Dog?
I was too. which means
I'm 12 years older than you.
I was entering college
when you started school.
In college. my dorm was
in front of this elementary school.
You were like that kid who'd ask.
"Mister. how do I do this claw game?"
in front of the stationery store.
-Must you really prove you're an old fart?
-Yeah!
Damn. What the hell?
Are you for real?
You can't do that in a public place!
Seriously. what are you doing?
I'll be right back.
We can see…
I think dancing. singing.
acting. and modeling are all connected.
They're different. but they help…
"Factories."
"Cars and factories."
"Fact…"
-Every damn time. Why aren't they here?
-The person…
This is a first.
Her phone is off too.
The first time. my ass.
RESTRICTED CALLER ID
Hello?
Detective Hwang Choong-sik?
Listen carefully.
I'm not saying this twice.
Is that Si-nae?
Who's this?
We have your wife and daughter.
We have only one demand.
My husband.
What are you talking about?
Did something happen to them?
You arrested my husband. Ma Do-jun.
So you bring him back to me.
If you alert the police
or try anything funny.
your wife's fingers. tongue. and eyeballs
will be pulled out one by one.
And your daughter will be next.
I'll call you again with the location.
Wait for my call.
Hello? Hey! Hello?
Why? What's going on?
Where was Si-nae
when you spoke to her last?
-The pharmacy.
-Eunhaeng Market.
Why? Tell me what the hell's going on.
Si-nae and Yeon-ju have been abducted.
Get out.
No way.
I'll save my daughter
and your wife while I'm at it.
So just go home and wait.
I have to go too.
We don't have time to mess around!
Si-nae is…
She's pregnant.
What?
She's three months pregnant.
We're having a baby.
So I have to go too.
She's pregnant?
What are you doing? Come on. Go!
Damn it.
It's here.
Did you see anyone suspicious here?
-Suspicious people?
-Yes.
No. I haven't.
Look. the car! Her car!
HWANG YEON-JU
Yeon-ju.
Mom!
-Yeon-ju!
-Mom!
-Put the kid in.
-Oh God. Yeon-ju.
-Keep it down. prick.
-Mom!
Yeon-ju!
Si-nae.
Let go of me!
-Bastard!
-That little…
Go. Start the car.
RESTRICTED CALLER ID
It's me. Si-nae.
Hey. Si-nae.
Si-nae!
Are you feeling okay? What about Yeon-ju?
Yeon-ju is okay too.
Si-nae. listen to me carefully.
Remember what I told you before?
Beer.
soju. and whiskey.
Yeah. I remember.
So. what is it?
It's Baijiu.
Why? What does that mean?
Si-nae.
Do not provoke them. okay?
Do exactly as they say.
Don't give them a reason to hurt you.
and don't act too cranky. okay?
All right.
You heard your Mrs. Baijiu's voice.
I'll do whatever you want.
If you want to see your family again.
bring my husband back by 9 p.m. tonight.
What? By 9 p.m.?
That's a bit--
-What are you doing?
-Ma'am. I'll do whatever you ask.
-Just don't hurt them. please--
-Let go!
-Stop. idiot!
-Please. not them!
-You! I'm going to kill you!
-Hey.
-Hey!
-What's going on?
Come on. prick!
I'm going to kill you!
Who is that?
No. it was just me.
I suddenly got worked up. Sorry.
Fine. I'll keep my word.
But in return.
you have to guarantee their safety.
Where do I take your husband?
Ask my husband.
Wait. Hello?
Is this the police? Right now. I'm--
You idiot. seriously.
They'll die if you call the police. idiot!
Then do something.
This is on you! Damn it!
It's all because of the guy you put away!
So what's your plan?
What do you think I'm doing?
I'm trying to figure that out!
Hey. I thought you were the one
who caught Ma Do-jun.
You'd better drop the attitude.
Stop calling me "hey."
Then stop talking down to me too.
I'm 32. you know.
You little…
You're still wet behind the ears.
Do you even know Future Boy Conan?
I know Detective Conan.
-Hey. Dog doc.
-What. pig?
"Pig"?
Do you really want to die?
You little…
Keep your eyes on the road!
So where are we going?
To your beloved police station. Happy?
INCHEON GANGBUK POLICE STATION
They'll hand Ma over
to the prosecution soon.
If that happens. we can't get him out.
So what are we going to do?
Get him out during the transfer.
What can I do?
You can go back to your clinic
and refresh the kibble.
We need to join forces
and do a joint investigation.
A joint what now?
You watch too many movies.
Hey.
Can you drive?
I'm practically an F1 racer.
Climbing. paragliding.
Extreme sports are my hobby.
Good.
I'll change the transfer route
to a suitable location.
You crash into the transport vehicle
on purpose.
and we'll get Ma out of there.
What do you think?
Got it.
Just tell me the exact location.
I'll precisely hit the car on the side
and flip it over at 135 degrees
without injuring anyone.
No injuries.
Do you think this is a joke?
Do I look like I'm joking?
Aren't you. you punk?
I go climbing. Rock climbing. no less.
Do you even know what extreme sports are?
Are you shitting me?
Of course I know extreme sports.
It's like Poker and Rummy. right?
What?
But make sure
you use a plain. inconspicuous car.
I have just the car for this operation.
Don't worry.
Wow. how long has it been
since you last drove?
Like I said.
I caught him. so I'll see it to the end.
Anyway. put your seat belts on.
Why bother? It's closeby.
Just put them on!
Okay.
Back seat. You too.
-What? Us too?
Yeah. you guys too.
Just put your damn seat belts on. Please!
Okay. We'll put them on.
What's with him today?
Let's not rile up the old fart.
Come on. let's just put them on.
Use a plain. inconspicuous car.
I have just the car for this operation.
Don't worry.
Goddamn it.
Zero to 100 km/h in 8.5 seconds.
Temperature. 22°C.
The van has
a 60/40 front-to-rear weight balance.
Perform a handbrake turn at 90 km/h.
making skid marks at a 37-degree angle
and hitting exactly 21 cm
above the rear wheel.
Just 21 cm above the rear wheel.
That's the point
that will flip the car
at a 135-degree angle.
What the hell?
-That scared the shit out of me!
-What was that?
Damn it.
Son of a--
Are you okay?
-What happened?
-Hurry. get Ma Do-jun out from the back.
Ma Do-jun.
You son of a bitch.
Ma Do-jun! You son of a bitch!
Give me the keys.
What? No. I'll drive.
-I know this area. Just give me the keys.
-Fine.
Ma Do-jun! You fucking bastard!
Get back here. you bastard!
Hey!
Get back here!
-Who did it?
-Chief.
Who had the guts
to ambush a police transport vehicle?
We just identified him as Yong-gang.
who was recently released from prison.
-Kim Yong-gang?
-Yes.
Yong-gang attacked Ma Do-jun?
So this is a war between drug gangs?
And who's this bastard?
He grabbed Ma and Hwang in one go.
He's probably with either Yong-gang or Ma.
With Yong-gang or Ma Do-jun?
Wait a goddamn minute.
The guy showed up in a vet's van.
It's a thorough disguise.
A disguise.
-Find this bastard.
-He's not in the system.
Stop!
This must be Mr. Lee!
-Mr. Lee?
-Choong-sik caught Mr. Lee?
-The Mr. Lee?
-The drug lord?
-That Mr. Lee?
-Hey. hold on.
Rewind the footage.
A bit further back.
Mr. Lee threw the car keys.
Choong-sik caught them.
He threw them.
He caught them.
Throwing
and catching…
This was Choong-sik's plan.
The most important skill
for a cop is thinking on their feet.
Tell us who brought the washing machine
to the office. Detective Woo.
Choong-sik did.
The washing machine. The microwave.
-The spin dryer too.
-Right. the spin dryer.
Choong-sik brought them all from home.
Choong-sik doesn't have a home.
The situation room is his bedroom.
The interrogation room is…
His spare room.
And the Detective Division?
-His living room?
-Bingo.
The guy only charges forward
without looking back.
Choong-sik always gets his target.
no matter who it is.
Despite being injured. his resourcefulness
and wit didn't let Ma get away.
Detective Hwang's response
at the scene was perfect!
HWANG CHOONG-SIK
CHIEF BIRDBRAIN
Damn it.
-Fuck.
-Hey.
Fuck.
Damn it.
Hello?
This is Owl.
Do you copy?
Is this a bad time?
Is that the case?
I see your big picture.
I'll give you unlimited support.
so just focus on your big picture.
When you can talk.
call Owl's house as soon as possible.
Over and out.
What was that?
He says he's Owl.
Owl?
I have no idea
what the hell he was saying.
An eye for an eye. a tooth for a tooth.
Your husband. a police officer.
locked up my husband.
So I'm returning the favor
by locking up his family.
But one thing you said is right.
and the other is wrong.
The police officer you're talking about
is my ex-husband. not my current husband.
You have two husbands?
Yes.
You're a lucky woman.
What does your current husband do?
He's a doctor.
He was in the Special Forces.
Special Forces?
Specializing in infiltration. demolition.
intel gathering. and counterterrorism.
Like I said. Special Forces.
You made a mistake.
Be it Special Forces or Defense.
I don't care about your husband now.
So you're saying
you don't get along with your ex.
So he might not come to save you.
Well…
That's possible.
But he'll sure come after you.
You've messed with the wrong people.
Was it one of your men
who hit the transport vehicle earlier?
Well. maybe. maybe not.
Tell me the truth. you asshole! Or else!
Look. a lot of insane.
druggie bastards want me dead.
-He's one of them.
-Wait.
He's lying.
What?
Humans and animals are all the same.
Some people look like deer. like me.
Some people look like monkeys. like you.
Look at his eyes.
They're shifting.
He's lying.
Then. what is he?
A dog
who thinks he's a wolf.
-What about the tongue thing?
-He's in a good mood.
-And the ears?
-He doesn't wanna hear it.
Quit moving. asshole!
I don't think you have time
for this right now
because I know that my love
planned all this to get me out.
Whatever. Just tell me
where she's keeping my kid and wife.
It's not even in the GPS.
I'll be your human GPS
and show you the way.
Speed camera ahead. Fucking step on it.
He really doesn't listen.
School zone ahead.
Fucking step on it again.
Having fun? God. this asshole.
What's this?
It's an anti-bark collar.
-It's tight!
-Anti-bark…
I seized it in a rescue.
So. where are they?
Where are they keeping Yeon-ju and Si-nae?
Okay.
It's…
What's your problem?
-Why am I repeating myself?
-Wait. hello? Yes.
-What about Choong-sik's movement?
-We're still checking.
-Damn it. what's taking so long?
-Yes.
-What about the security footage?
-We've got a lot.
But we need to check it.
Get more people on it ASAP.
Yes. sir.
-Rookie. come here.
-Yes. sir.
What time was the accident
caught on camera?
It was 4:35 p.m.
So what's going on?
You need to leave the restricted area.
Yeah. okay.
A police van transporting a criminal
was attacked.
Ma Do-jun and Hwang Choong-sik
are both missing.
But
it's all part of Hwang Choong-sik's plan.
Am I right?
No. not at all. Now leave.
-You're hindering justice.
-I am.
-Get out now.
-I got it right.
-Dong-gi. wait! Dong-gi?
-You don't even know me.
Ma Do-jun and Hwang Choong-sik
disappeared together?
You scoop generator.
This is why I like you. Hwang Choong-sik.
See that? I got your husband out.
I'm not talking to you.
Put the real husband on.
-What?
-Put the legal husband on the phone.
Yes. real husband here.
He's right here.
-Honey. are you okay?
-Of course. I'm fine. What about you?
It's only been two days.
and you've lost so much weight. babe.
You look more striking.
I know. right? My jawline's looking sharp.
Are you two asshats for real?
You're both fine.
so just show me my wife and kid.
Yeon-ju!
Dad!
Yeon-ju! Your real dad's right here.
I'm coming to save you.
so just wait a bit. okay?
-It's okay. Don't cry.
-Dad!
-Just hang in there a bit.
-Yes. don't cry.
Si-nae.
Don't worry.
We're coming to save you soon.
Yes. stay strong. Hang in there.
The conditions have changed. I need you
to make a stop before coming here.
I got Ma Do-jun out as you asked!
I was in a rush.
so I couldn't bring Nabi.
Oh. my gosh!
How could you not bring our precious Nabi?
Bring it with you. babe.
Are you shitting me?
Shut up!
Do as I say
if you want to save your wife and kid.
Or else. they're dead.
-Damn. no. Hey!
-See you later!
Fucking unbelievable.
Hey.
If she so much as touches my kid.
you're both dead.
You hear me?
My first goal was to take out Ma Do-jun
and rebuild the organization.
But then. a narcotics detective
got in the way.
Boss.
What?
I don't understand the formula
in the middle.
It's in English.
Man-gi.
Just draw it. would you?
Just draw.
Got it. boss.
It worked out for the best.
since I was going to take care of
both Ma Do-jun
and that detective in any case.
Boss.
-It's done.
-Yeah?
Good work. Man-gi.
Let's just take a picture of it
with a camera.
Oh. a camera.
Boss. I found the animal hospital van.
Working hard. I see.
I'm the lead detective.
Yes. sir!
What brings you here?
Have you guys eaten yet?
Yes. our delivery's on its way.
Come on. Takeout won't fill you up.
Go grab some samgyetang with this.
I'm just going to check something quick.
-Here.
-Sir?
No. actually.
get some royal samgyetang.
You know. the one with abalone.
-Thank you. sir!
-Sure.
-Let's go.
-Enjoy yourselves.
Oh. wait.
What is it?
Can we get malatang instead?
Come on. jeez.
Have whatever you want.
-Thank you. sir!
-Yeah. go.
Come here.
One. two. three.
We got it.
Close it. will ya?
Ma Do-jun. get back here! Goddamn it.
The cops raided everything.
There's nothing here.
Do you really think they took everything?
Nabi is right here.
-Hey. Nabi
-What the…
-What's he doing suddenly?
-Come fly over here
-You're scaring me.
-Stop it. You're scaring me.
-Yellow butterfly. white butterfly
-Come dancing over here
-Maybe something's going to appear.
What…
The flower petals smile brightly
In the spring breeze
-And the po-po goes chirp
-I swear to God. I'll…
Singing and dancing
All right. let's see.
What's that?
No way.
This is Nabi.
The AI program. Nabi.
GPU. graphics processing unit.
You know?
-Guess not.
-Hey.
Hand it over.
Don't try anything funny.
Just hand it over.
Seeing how you risked your life
to get this.
it must be pretty expensive.
If I had to put a price on it.
I'd say about 100 billion won?
A hundred billion?
Did you hear that?
Yes. I did.
You were right. boss. It's for real.
So that's what was in there. huh?
-You little…
-Who is that?
-They've been tailing us for a while.
-Who?
That guy over there.
Mr. Kim Yeong-gwang!
What? It really is Dookie-gang.
Who's Dookie-gang?
-The junkie I put away.
-What?
When I last caught him.
he was hiding in a septic tank.
That's why he's Dookie-gang.
But why's that bastard following us?
That's the guy.
-He rammed into us.
-What?
He proposed to run the gang together.
but I blew him off.
He tried to kill me for that.
-He's a total nutjob.
-Damn it.
Hey. Dog Doc.
-Turn.
-Right now?
Yeah. now.
Follow them!
Put the pedal to the metal.
Dog Doc.
where's your extreme sports spirit?
Where the hell is your 135-degree drift?
What?
-Not bad.
-I know.
Watch out up ahead!
Sorry about that.
Shit.
Turn around. you idiot!
-Turn it around!
-Reverse!
This time. I'll show you my real skills.
Pass me the wheel down there.
It's right there.
There's another one.
Another one?
This pulls out?
Here we go.
Level-one drift.
Fuck.
Maybe you should've turned left?
It's fine. Don't be nervous. Rambo.
-Show them.
-Show them what you've got.
-Show them!
What was that?
I honked at them.
What's up with you?
I said show them what you've got!
-Stop honking!
-Hurry!
Show them!
Step on it!
Those bastards.
-Run them over. Rambo.
-Push them out of the way!
Rambo.
No!
Careful!
-The wall!
-We'll crash into it!
Rambo!
The wall!
There's a wall!
That was close!
Don't worry. Just trust me.
Here we go again.
They're moving. Hurry.
Hurry up and turn around. idiot!
Go in reverse now!
Step on it. Harder!
Step on it harder! Go!
Hey. the cat! No!
Oh shit! What do we do?
No! It's too cute!
It's too cute!
What just happened?
Did we just drive off the wall?
I could've pulled it off even better
if this were a stick shift.
Okay. Going into level-two drift.
Nice!
The wall!
Damn you. Dog Doc.
Are you okay? Damn.
Hold on. What happened?
The damn steering wheel.
Are you okay?
-Hey!
-Damn it. Hey!
Ma Do-jun!
Stop right there. bastard!
-Hey. get him!
-Get him!
Get him!
Stop. you punk!
What the… Hey!
That guy!
Got you!
Who the hell are you. you punk? Hey!
Let's split up for now!
Split up!
Fuck.
Those fuckers.
Did you see him?
You went after him first.
-Where'd he go?
-Wait. this way…
Whoa. that startled me.
Ma Do-jun!
Stop running. you bastard.
That was a gunshot. right?
Follow me.
Fuck.
Fucking shit.
Ma Do-jun.
-Mr. Kim Yeong-gwang.
-It's Kim Yong-gang! Damn it!
Right. Kim Yong-gang.
You fucking asshole.
Look. Mr. Yong-gang.
See. this here is crazy expensive.
You can't buy it even if you want to.
I'll give it to you for free. mister.
-Hey.
-Yes?
-Do you really not know who I am?
-Sorry?
-I said do you not fucking know who I am?
-Of course. I know who you are!
How could I not know Yong-gang of Incheon?
-Then why did you pretend you didn't?
-That's just… Call it BC.
What the hell is BC?
It's a shortened slang term.
It means "baseless confidence."
you fucker--
Fuck.
I am Kim Yong-gang of Incheon.
You BC asshole.
Blood?
Isn't that Ma Do-jun?
Yeah. that's him.
Hey. is that enough?
Not yet. A little further!
Are you there yet?
Yes. I'm here!
Ma Do-jun.
Ma Do-jun. wake…
Is he alive?
What should I do?
Come on. Is he alive?
Yes. luckily. he's still alive!
Okay. We can't let
the package get damaged.
We must deliver him alive.
Pull him up now!
Ma Do-jun. don't pass out on me. okay?
Okay. I'll stay alert--
Ma. you have to stay alive!
Yeah. I will.
What was that?
Stay with me. Ma!
What the heck?
Something keeps getting snagged.
Stay with me!
Ma Do-jun. stay awake!
You're rounding up the gang again. right?
It seems they've all heard you're out.
The guys we used to run with
are gathering from all over the country.
By the way. boss.
you have the AI program. Nabi. right?
Why would I bother with that?
It's worth a hundred billion won. boss.
A hundred billion?
Not a hundred won?
Isn't an AI GPU like a computer disk?
Boss!
Come on. get with the times already!
Ma Do-jun. Hey. wake up…
Wake up. man!
We have to get the bullet out.
He's bleeding a lot too.
-Let's rush him to the hospital first.
-You know we can't do that right now.
Then what do we do?
Yeon-ju and Si-nae's lives
will be in danger if Ma Do-jun dies.
Hey.
You save him. You're a doctor.
I'm a vet.
Hey.
This asshole's not human.
Just think of him as a dog.
Okay?
-He's less than a dog.
-That's right.
-Yeah!
-Yes.
Let's get his jacket off first.
You can do this. man.
Use that to support his head.
This? What is it?
It's a tandem paragliding suit.
This isn't a person. It's a dog.
A big dog.
A Doberman.
I'm doing surgery on a dog.
-Surgery on a dog.
-That's right.
-Scalpel.
-What?
-Scalpel!
-Oh. the knife.
Now to stitch him up.
Hold this down for me.
Here.
Oh. come on! Hurry up and hold this down.
Okay. I'm doing it. asshole.
Okay.
What's wrong? Why's he suddenly like this?
Ma Do-jun.
Ma Do-jun. what's wrong?
What's wrong with him? What the hell?
It's post-op shock.
-Ma Do-jun!
-One. two. three. four.
Don't die. You have to live!
Mouth-to-mouth.
Mouth-to-mouth!
Come on. hurry!
Clear the airway.
You can't die. you bastard!
-Go!
-One. two. three. four.
-One. two…
-Ma Do-jun!
Hey. come on.
-Breathe. you punk!
-Hold on.
Hold this here and press down hard.
One. two. three.
Again?
One. two. three!
We got him back.
Breathe. There you go. Breathe.
-Breathe in.
-He needs a transfusion now.
What's your blood type?
-What?
-O?
B.
-B?
-A?
B.
Oh. AB?
I said B. you fucking idiot. Type B.
What's your blood type?
What's yours?
Type A.
That's just fucking great…
Boss. I think this bastard's alive.
I think that cop took him.
Along with that thing
worth 100 billion won.
-Is this Yong-gang's call log?
-Chief.
-Yes.
-Take a look at this security footage.
The black sedan…
Detective Woo.
Maybe we have it all wrong.
Maybe from the start. Hwang Choong-sik.
Ma Do-jun. and Kim Yong-gang
were all in it together.
Chief. Choong-sik would never--
I'm saying Choong-sik
might've been bribed by them.
-Hey.
-Yes. sir.
Put out an APB on the animal hospital van.
Yes. sir.
Newbie. call…
What are you up to. Choong-sik?
Hey. current husband.
What. ex-husband?
Do you mind if I ask you something?
How did you meet Si-nae?
It was similar to this.
I met her while treating her dog.
Her dog?
We never had a dog.
On the first day my clinic opened.
Si-nae was my very first customer.
I guess she found an injured stray dog.
Everyone else just walked past it
but not Si-nae.
She came to my clinic
carrying the bleeding dog in her arms.
her eyes filled with tears.
In that moment…
I fell in love.
Because love is
like a car accident.
So you met her in a car accident?
No. that's not what I meant…
Love hits you like a car accident.
Jeez. She was always nagging me
to be careful about car accidents.
But it seems she caused one herself.
-Hey.
-Ma Do-jun. are you okay?
Am I
supposed to thank you?
Dog Doc saved a person.
Thanks. Doc.
Well. anyway…
now I finally understand the whole story.
-What?
-So. you're the ex-husband.
And you're the current one.
Yeah. hilarious.
Hey.
You're nothing but a junkie.
So how'd you manage to get involved
with such a pretty and smart woman?
Why?
Do you want to hear my love story?
My wife and I are from different worlds.
…call this program Nabi…
She's an IT expert who studied in the US.
-Like a butterfly…
-Is anyone even listening to me?
-Who's in charge here?
-Please don't.
Is it you? No?
Then get out of my fucking way.
My honey said she felt an adrenaline rush
when she first saw me.
The rush that comes with committing
a violent. dangerous crime.
That was when she awakened
to her true nature.
Okay. look. Cocoa has a designated driver.
a flower delivery. and a taxi service.
So why can't we have Cocoa Vitamins?
I just want to use that network.
I'm telling you. I'll teach you
the innovative marketing technique.
How much would you make from that?
Cocoa Vitamins.
How would I know?
But it's not like we can do Cocoa Drugs.
Why not?
We can do it.
Cocoa Drugs.
Ma Do-jun's over there.
Hey. Ma Do-jun.
Must you wander around so much?
You're giving us a workout.
And there you go ruining the mood again.
Let's meet again.
Get him!
Get out of here!
-Ma Do-jun!
-Get him!
-Hey. get him!
-Ma Do-jun!
-Hey!
-Get him!
Heart!
Get in.
Get off the drugs.
And don't ever get caught by the police.
Then I will
make you rich.
Let's go.
You met your ex-husband
at the Taereung Training Center?
Yes.
He was a wrestler. and I was a judoka.
And your current husband was
in the Special Forces?
That was all bullshit.
Wow. you are one gutsy lady.
What about your husband?
Well.
my husband is…
He's always reliable.
-He's also a good fighter.
-That goes for my ex-husband too.
My husband's here.
Your husband?
Are you sure this is the place?
What the hell? What's going on?
-Damn it.
-Hey. asshole!
Si-nae!
Damn it.
Hey. wake up.
-What's going on?
-Hey.
What is this. huh?
Damn it. You son of a bitch.
What the hell happened here?
Start talking now!
I don't goddamn know either!
Detective Hwang Choong-sik.
Is that you. Yong-gang?
Yes. it's me. Yong-gang.
the one you put away.
Do you have
the thing worth 100 billion won?
Yeah. I have it. Why?
If you want to save
your wife and daughter.
bring that thing
to Warehouse 3 at Yeonan Pier.
-Damn it.
-Goddamn it.
I'll give you an hour.
Bastard. I'm short on time again.
Oh. is Ma Do-jun there too?
I heard he came back from the dead.
He literally dodged a bullet.
Your wife is here too.
so come if you want to save her.
I'll show you who I really am.
-Hey.
-Hey!
Yong-gang. you son of a bitch!
Damn you.
What do we do?
-Wait. Let me think.
-What are you going to do?
Let me just think for a second!
-God. seriously.
-But…
Hey. you bastard!
We've identified the veterinarian.
Name. Lee Min-seok. Age. 32.
He's been the husband of
Detective Hwang's ex-wife for four years.
Current husband?
Hwang. bribed by the drug ring.
threatened and dragged
her current husband into this case.
They say druggie bastards
care about nothing else
but to drag him into this?
-What are you all doing?
-Sir?
Hurry up and find them. idiots!
-Move it.
-Yes. sir!
-Go.
THE 7TH EUNKWANG ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
ENGLISH SPEECH CONTEST
SOS
HWANG YEON-JU
Nice. 5.000 won.
Hey. Dog Doc. You're out.
This is as far as you go.
What are you talking about?
I'm not leaving you guys. No way.
Yong-gang wants Ma Do-jun and me.
You're lucky
Yong-gang doesn't know you exist.
You stop here.
We have to save Si-nae
and Yeon-ju together.
We've come this far!
One mistake and it's over!
You've done enough.
So really. go home now.
Just go home?
One of us should make it out alive.
No.
We live together or die together.
Min-seok. please listen to me.
You've done enough.
Thank you. okay?
-Thank you.
-So let's do it together.
All righty. Doc.
Grab him.
HWANG CHOONG-SIK
Everyone. hold it!
It's Hwang Choong-sik.
-Hey. hurry.
-Choong-sik…
Owl.
Reporting situation.
My ex-wife and kid have been kidnapped.
I broke Ma out to save the hostages.
but Yong-gang got involved.
and things got complicated.
Which is why
I'd like to have three hours
to sort everything out.
Choong-sik.
Sort what out?
No. forget that.
and just report your location now.
I will send a scheduled text message
in three hours.
If you don't hear from me in that time.
send in the SWAT team right away.
The location is in the scheduled text.
No. report your location now!
Chief. this is a matter of life and death.
One small mistake could ruin everything.
Are you saying
you will face Yong-gang alone?
Yes. I can do it.
It's Yong-gang.
Yong-gang. the fucking ruthless guy
we put away ten years ago!
And I'm Hwang Choong-sik.
Come on. I'm hurt. Chief.
Don't you trust me?
Hey. Hwang Choong-sik.
You're Hwang Choong-sik!
If we can't trust you. who can we trust?
Please. I'm counting on you.
But--
-Detective Woo.
-Yes. sir.
-And Detective Park.
I don't know about anyone else.
but we can trust Choong-sik.
He may be a pretty face. but…
-Huh?
-What?
…he's actually a real softie.
We all know that very well.
-Right?
-Yes. sir!
All right! Three hours from now.
have his location secured
and send in SWAT immediately.
-Got it?
-Yes. sir!
To your positions!
Yes. sir!
You understand. right. Hye-ran?
How a mother feels.
I understand.
Every time I see Yeon-ju. I think.
"I wish I had a daughter like her."
I find myself wishing that.
Hye-ran.
Please help me.
Excuse me!
My stomach hurts.
Could I go to the bathroom?
I really have to go.
I'm hungry too!
No. I'm not hungry. My stomach hurts.
It's an emergency.
Please. come here for a sec.
-What?
-Come here.
-Untie me. just for a second.
Come on. Untie me.
-What?
-It hurts.
-So what?
-I can't go here. There's a kid.
-Just poop!
-Yeon-ju.
How do you suppose I poop here?
-Tell me.
-How? I don't know!
All of you. stay put!
Just a little more.
What are you doing?
Mom!
-Mom!
-Get out of here!
-Run!
-Yeon-ju. hurry! Run!
We don't have time. Yeon-ju. Hurry!
-Let go!
-Hold still!
-Come back here!
-Hurry. Yeon-ju! Go!
-Get back here!
-Hurry.
Hold still!
-Yeon-ju?
-Who are you?
I'm your auntie.
Auntie?
Actually. no.
I'm your potential stepmom.
"Potential stepmom"?
Are you hurt anywhere?
Auntie. I mean. Potential Stepmom!
Please save my mom.
She's being held captive.
Really? Where?
In that warehouse.
Yeon-ju!
Be a good girl.
Where are you?
Follow me.
Be careful.
Wait here.
I'll check where they're keeping your mom
and come right back.
You have to save my mom.
Potential Stepmom Lady.
Don't worry.
I'm a good fighter.
Yeon-ju!
Where are you?
Be a good girl.
Yeon-ju! Come play with Uncle!
Hey. asshole!
Hey. you son of a bitch!
Was it you?
Yeah. it was me.
You ugly. pig-headed bastard!
You. come here.
I'm suddenly craving pork.
Let's do this.
What the fuck?
Do you have a death wish. bitch?
Bring it on. asshole!
Damn it.
What? Yeon-ju's watch turned on.
WAREHOUSE 8
YEON-JU. POWER ON. LOCATION IN USE
Wait. It's not Warehouse 3.
It's a trap.
WAREHOUSE 3
So what's the plan?
-Me. the right two.
-Yeah.
-You. the left two.
-Okay.
You got this. right?
-Just those two.
-Got it.
-How'd you get here?
-Seriously.
Warehouse 3 is a trap.
What?
Look. Yeon-ju's watch turned on again.
That sneaky bastard.
WAREHOUSE 8
Kim Yeong-gwang. that bastard is so dead.
Hey. Ma Do-jun.
I'll ask again.
What's the key in a kidnapping case?
The hostages' safety.
Good.
Not hostages.
Our family's safety.
Go.
-Yeon-ju!
-Si-nae!
Babe!
What the hell?
It's good to see you.
Fuck.
It's cold.
Long time no see.
Detective Hwang Choong-sik.
Dookie-gang. you bastard.
Where are Si-nae and Yeon-ju?
Where are they?
You. shut up.
Wow. Detective Hwang.
you haven't changed a bit.
You're still the same.
Your face still makes me want to puke.
Yong-gang.
How could you do this to me?
I even purchased food for you in prison.
Food? What food?
That measly 3000-won meal wasn't food!
That was just you mocking me!
When I was in prison.
I thought a lot about how I'd kill you
once I got my hands on you.
Then. on a cold winter day.
it hit me.
"Oh! I should freeze him to death."
Man-gi!
What's going on?
Extremely slowly.
You know?
Yeah.
That's how you'll freeze to death.
But
that alone wasn't enough.
Every time I felt suffocated
in that cramped prison cell.
I wondered.
"What could I do to make that bastard
suffer like I am now?"
"Oh. yeah!"
"I could put a plastic bag over his head."
Yong-gang.
-No. hold on.
-Hold on.
No. wait!
-You bastard.
-Hold on.
-Hey.
-Hey. you bastard!
Try freezing to death in a plastic bag.
you damn pig!
Why me too?
You're an added bonus. punk.
-Hey. you bastard!
-Let's go.
-Hey!
-Let him go. you bastard!
-Dookie-gang!
-Kim Yong-gang.
You bastard!
Kim Yong-gang!
You asshole!
Hey. Current. Where are you?
What? Why. Ex?
Take off your shoes.
-Take off your shoes.
-What? My shoes?
Yes. take them off.
All right. Where are you?
Oh. my bad.
I didn't realize. Here.
Your face.
-My face?
-Where's your face?
-My face is here.
-Your face. Okay.
-Open your mouth.
-What are you…
Open your mouth. Yes. wider!
Yes. that's it.
Bite the sock with your teeth and--
My toes!
Damn. you little…
That's it. Pull it.
Bring your face closer.
Open your mouth. Wider. you punk!
Open it. That's it.
That's it.
Almost there.
One. two…
Okay. me.
Do it for me. Hurry.
Where's your face?
What? Why?
Your foot stinks.
Is that important now?
Open your mouth!
Here. my sock!
-Okay. Where are you?
-Here.
Here? Wait.
Where is it? Here?
Not there! Those are my nostrils. idiot.
Your mouth!
Okay. I got it.
Let go! Let go of me right now!
Let go! I said let go!
You jerk!
-Let go of me. right now!
-Let go!
-You're making a mistake.
-You're gonna pay!
I'm a crime and current affairs reporter!
You need a media connection
to run a business.
We live in a world where the media rules.
Hold on.
How many years?
Eight years. I'm a seasoned reporter.
That's a bit short.
No. it's not!
I know a lot of cops and prosecutors.
-Oh. prosecutors.
Even a district chief.
-Oh. district chief.
I know more than ten chief prosecutors.
I can be of great help to you.
Fuck off!
I'd rather trust a scammer
than a cop's wife and a damn reporter.
Just die.
What?
Why?
What's wrong? What is it?
What?
They're going to fall!
What the hell happened?
What are you doing?
Why are you biting me?
What the hell are you doing?
-What is going on?
-I'm not human right now.
I'm a dog.
A dog that bites every rope in sight!
What's gotten into you?
Yes. bite it. Right there.
Yes.
Well done.
How come you're so good at this?
Good boy.
Let's go.
You bastards!
Move over.
Wait. is there anything we can use?
Hey. look. Here.
You're taller. so take this.
What? Why?
-My hands got an electric shock.
-What? Here. move.
I told you to be careful. Okay. step back.
So this is the diskette
worth 100 billion won?
That's not a diskette.
It's an AI program. you dumbass.
Okay. sorry!
When I heard you took over Incheon.
I thought.
"There has to be someone behind him.
But who could be backing this bastard?"
It was that. Fuck. it was Nabi!
Nabi? Who the hell is that bastard?
Goddamn it!
If you fall asleep. you die.
I know.
But it's too cold in here.
We can't fall asleep.
So you ask the next question.
-Okay.
-All right.
Here's a question.
What's the most expensive chicken?
-Free-range ones?
-The one that has a nest egg.
A nest egg?
Ask another one about chickens.
What do chickens hate hearing the most?
Chicken?
Shut the cluck up. you bastard.
Are you talking to me?
Of all the chickens.
which one's the best?
I don't know. you punk.
The tender one.
It's so cold.
What you're holding
in your hand right now is Nabi.
Fuck.
That AI program is everything.
That's the heart of our AI technology
and the core of our business.
"The heart of your AI technology"?
Let me explain it simply.
One GPU can do 312 trillion
additions and subtractions per second.
Wait. hold on.
How many
additions and subtractions per second?
312 trillion per second.
A normal AI program
has 10.000 of those A100 GPUs.
If there are 10.000 A100s.
to put it simply.
312 trillion times 60 seconds.
-Then multiply that by 24 hours.
-Sixty times…
Wait. hold on.
Times what?
-Okay.
-Dumbass.
So 312 trillion times 60 seconds
times 24 hours times 60 minutes--
Wait. stop! Stop multiplying.
When I got out.
the world seemed very different.
People said to me.
"The world has changed.
so you need to change too."
But why?
Why do I have to change?
Running a business
with a stupid toy like this…
Fuck!
Do you regret
getting divorced?
No. I don't regret it.
As long as Si-nae is happy.
That's all that matters.
But still.
I like you.
I like you too.
Choong-sik.
We…
can't die like this!
Of course not!
We have
our
family!
That's right.
Let's try one more time.
Just one more time.
That's not my style.
I'll take care of that narcotics cop
and Ma Do-jun too.
This is my trump card.
A move that takes care of things
in just one swift blow.
So.
the person who made all this happen…
is you. huh?
Then. if you disappear.
everything will go back to normal.
Don't you dare touch my wife. you bastard!
It moved!
It's lifting.
It's moving.
We should've done this earlier!
Did you say
I've watched too many movies?
That I should start afresh?
Go on. Keep talking.
Don't do it.
Keep it up. and you'll really die.
Yeah? I'm curious.
Go on. Keep talking.
Keep running that smart mouth of yours!
I said keep talking!
Honey.
Are you okay?
-Boss!
What are you doing? Kill them. you idiots!
Go fucking get them!
Oh. honey.
Hurry.
Hang on.
Tell me. Who am I?
Kim Yeong-gwang.
Get him up.
-Hey.
-You son of a bitch!
Babe.
Hey!
Bring me a knife.
Hye-ran.
You little bastard.
You prick. you.
What? Who am--
What the hell?
Hey. Dookie-gang!
Good to see you again!
You son of a bitch!
Choong-sik! Min-seok!
The husbands.
Dog Doc. let's see your 135-degree drift!
Okay!
That's it! Yeah!
Bring it on. bastards!
Si-nae. where's Yeon-ju?
Where's Yeon-ju?
She escaped.
Jo A-ra put her in a safe place.
Insane Choong-sik!
Okay!
I'm unstoppable now!
-Si-nae!
-Min-seok. watch out!
Ma Do-jun. cover me.
-Hey. Dookie-gang!
-Why. that little…
Boss. I got this.
You son of a bitch!
-Si-nae!
-Get him! Get him now!
Hey!
Honey. don't!
Hwang Choong-sik. you bastard.
I'm so damn sick of you.
This is the last time
I'll see that ape face of yours.
-Bring it on. you Pigsy bastard.
-You little…
You son of a bitch!
Damn it.
Ma Do-jun. are you okay?
-One!
-Two!
Three!
Oh no! What do we do?
Si-nae!
Honey. are you okay?
Si-nae.
Are you having fun
on your roller coaster ride. Dookie-gang?
Get up.
Yeah. get up. Good.
Get away from me!
Come here. Dookie-gang.
Where are you going?
Stop clinging to me. you leech!
Sorry. Dookie-gang.
But I just like you so much.
Damn you.
Come on. Dookie-gang. Time to go.
Let go. you prick! Let go!
Got you.
Help me!
-Choong-sik!
-Bro!
Hold him!
Leave one leg
to the national judo athlete!
Turn him over?
The handcuffs.
It's over. you Pigsy bastard.
Good job. Insane Choong-sik.
-What about Yeon-ju?
-A-ra.
She's safely hiding outside.
Okay. good.
Min-seok.
What about Ma Do-jun?
-Huh?
-What?
Where's Ma Do-jun?
Wait.
What are you guys doing?
Hey. that's my boat!
Stop!
-A-ra. where is she?
-Ma. you bastard.
Over there.
That bastard!
Ma Do-jun!
What. Ma Do-jun?
Which boat is it?
Oh my gosh! Yeon-ju's on that boat!
-What?
Oh God. Choong-sik! Min-seok!
What do we do?
Yeon-ju!
Goddamn it!
What are you going to do?
-I don't know!
-Oh no. Yeon-ju.
But we have to save her somehow!
-What do we do?
-A-ra. any ideas?
-What now?
-Wait. hold on!
-What is it?
Over there.
I should've swum after them.
Are you okay?
It's Yeon-ju's.
so it might be a bit small.
Are you sure you're an expert at this?
You've done this many times. right?
Why? Are you scared?
No. I'm not scared at all.
All right. here we go.
One!
Two!
Hold on. you punk.
I need some time to prepare mentally.
-Seriously.
-Yeah. no such thing.
Three!
Wait. what?
Choong-sik!
What? Why? What?
Don't do that. Stop!
Oh God. seriously?
Choong-sik!
Stop moving. Stay still.
Aren't you going to save Yeon-ju?
Yeon-ju…
Yes. I have to save Yeon-ju.
Hey. over there.
Steer that way.
Got it.
So where should we go?
As long as I'm with you. honey. anywhere.
They'll hear us. Be quiet.
-Nobody would come after us. right?
-Come on. Who'd do that?
That narco detective.
How's he supposed to do that?
What. is he going to swim here?
Or fly here? Flap. flap?
You scared me! Why are you here?
Who are you?
Yeon-ju.
Yeon-ju?
Who's Yeon-ju? Why's this kid here?
Dad?
"Dad"?
-Dad!
-Why's she looking for her dad here…
Dad!
-Yeon-ju!
-We're here to save you!
Hey. you bastard!
You persistent jerk!
You actually flew all the way here?
Justice always prevails.
And criminals always get caught. damn it!
Don't you dare lay a finger on my husband!
Don't you dare lay a finger on my bro!
Don't you dare lay a finger on my dad!
Stop this!
Next up is Hwang Yeon-ju
from Grade 2. Class 4.
The theme is "Another Type of Family."
Yeon-ju.
-Don't do that.
-Come on. Choong-sik.
Hello. my name is Yeon-ju.
I have two dads.
So I'm twice as happy.
-One dad has a nice smile.
-Well. yeah.
-The other dad…
-Family doesn't always live together.
-Exactly.
-They both love me a lot.
-If you can smile together. that's family.
-I love them too.
Every family is different.
But that's okay!
God. Choong-sik!
-How could you fart here? It stinks!
-It wasn't me.
-It wasn't.
-Unbelievable.
I went this morning.
Si-nae. smell this.
I'll take it now.
Oh. hold on.
-It'd be nice to get a picture together.
-Oh. right. Where'd Choong-sik go?
He was right here just a moment ago.
I'm curious. Why'd you get divorced?
-Because I grind my teeth?
-I grind my teeth too.
Like a lot?
I got implants. so it's fine now.
By the way.
I heard you have something amazing.
Yeon-ju told me.
She said you have an awesome killer smile.
You know you might actually die
if you see it.
Show me.
HUSBANDS IN ACTION
WIFE OF MR. KIM YONG-GANG
Where did you say my husband is right now?
Subtitle translation by: